# WebDesigning-BootStrap

There were different approach, tools, and design process to produce a replicate website. With bootstrap, I was able to focus a lot more designing and produced better than original website than actually worrying how to achieve this by code. Obviously, there were different problems as you require to know the grid system to make sure the website fits nicely on every screen size and bootstrap library was useful. However, style.css was implemented so I can overwrite or/and to come up with specific design for each component. In addition, few things were first designed through HTML/CSS and I later found out this can be done by bootstrap, so I changed some code. 

While designing the website, I distributed most of my time for banner image, responsive navigation and the footer with special navigation and pagination and most importantly responsiveness for each component. Different Mozilla Developer Tools were used in the process and as the site was locally stored, so responsive design mode was used to make sure how would it look like in phones and tablets. After that I began designing the three-separate page. With the help of different containers and dividers, I organized the code and place into separate blocks so is easy to read and edit. In alumni page, It was somewhat difficult to maintain same size for side-bar navigation and main contents.

During the process, I learned a lot of new concepts and how to use in an effective way. Bootstrap is really important and useful when it comes designing the website with multiple tools and through bootstrap you are getting advantage from JavaScript features. With just HTML/CSS you can do a lot but with js and bootstrap, you can do a lot more in minimum amount of time. 
